Update home and landing pages (16) (#1483)
canonical/postgresql-k8s-operator: docs/reference/index.md

Information about releases, charm options, technical specifications, and other reference material for quick lookup. 

## Releases

> All stable revisions of Charmed PostgreSQL 16 for bare metal/virtual machines:

Reviewer: Kubernetes or containers?
```suggestion
All stable revisions of Charmed PostgreSQL 16 for Kubernetes:
```
